[Music]
this is your last careers lesson
so does anyone have a realistic career
plan tyson
denzel what about you youtubers i keep
telling you all you got to keep things
real jamie
jamie knew me what do you want to be
a perfarmer
for a minute there i had such high hopes
for you
baby
what is wrong with our boy you remember
when we was little
can we just flair dress up well
for me that's a game i don't want to
stop playing
i'm done with this i wanted a song so
badly
i got you the cold empty morning
i don't think i've got a dad anymore
you've done nothing wrong
jamie you never did
so why do you want to be on stage
i want to be a drag queen because it's
all i ever dream of
and when i close my eyes it's all i can
see
[Music]
if jamie wants to come to prom becomes
just just like all the other boys
you are a freak they made me feel so
ugly
i'm scared i need my tomorrow you can't
just be a buy and address jamie your
buying a dress is something to blast out
a drag queen should be feared you won't
believe the power it gives you
i don't just want to be one i have to be
one
stop waiting for permission
[Music]
you are the bravest person i know you're
like beyonce
no mom
do you ever wish i were just normal
no never
and you don't even know it you aim so
tidy i don't know how you do it
i don't have as many dresses as you do
you